inter and juventus and the first is played
placed in group b of the ielase memorial
Inter formation in the field with
grassini and long and small battens
montecchio and mastromonaco baby carrier
gavioli merola decorate and schirò answers
the juventus with lonoco frigio and gallo
brown Nicolussi coping barelli
caligara of the Lombard title and border
referee the game of Mr. Cooper
of the Rome section 2
inter and juventus paired at the top of the
group with 6 points each who wins
passes directly to the semi-finals who
lose instead will have to wait for the
comparison between turin and milan inter e
which is immediately dangerous on
left lane with large decors
acceleration by the number 10
Inter and open and then in the middle for
merla I will have the parade divide there
nothing done then but the match yes
unlocks a few moments later than
free kick by gavioli
the great indecision of them there is
allodi that blows at the bottom of the bag
rule of the advantage of the inter
seventh minute of the first half
to hold down for training
nerazzurra of mister mandelli pass
another six minutes the corner kick
from the right and header from the side
of two podiums will do in a network for the
doubling the Nerazzurri Juventus below
two goals after just 13 minutes
mister graph formation to act
a few moments later and here he risks
to combine a mess aietti then
the Nerazzurri rearguard is saved in
somehow nothing done then
soccer as it still says for juventus
and here a scrum is lit with bruni
who can't find the touch
decisive can somehow come to terms with
manages to grab the socket is located
always the two to zero in favor of inter
here again a great action by
en du cori the shot then left with
the parade this time without problems from
part of lonoce opens the second half
with the juventus in possession of the ball but
inter and overturn in front
finds the goal that effectively closes the
the counterattack comes from the net from
part of blackbird that crosses over lonely with
a soft lob and deposits on the net
the ball from 3 to 0 at the first minute of the
second time speech qualification
practically closed with inter what though
continues to attack here with a slope
from the right hand deviation again
part Hindu choirs and rejected then
lonoce then we try on football
punishment I understood the parade by
lonoce then a minute passes and the arrives
fourth goal of the inter and maneuvering action
with caputo that finds the winning touch
undersize for the 4 0 in favor
inter
this is also the last chance of the
match with the mister training e
mandelli who accesses with full merit
at the semifinals where he will find Roma
nothing to do for the eliminated juventus
even in the south of the goal difference